doc(09): add some example (#985)
ipfs-force-community/damocles: docs/en/09.poster-node.md

location = "/mnt/miner-6666-store"
```

#####  An example of using one graphics card to do two wdpost tasks at the same time

```toml
# /path/to/your-damocles-worker-config.toml

[worker]
name = "damocles-worker-USA-01"

[sector_manager]
rpc_client.addr = "/ip4/your-damocles-manager-address-here/tcp/1789"

[[sealing_thread]]
plan = "wdpost"
sealing.recover_interval = "15s"
sealing.allowed_miners = [6666]
# ...

[[sealing_thread]]
plan = "wdpost"
sealing.recover_interval = "15s"
sealing.allowed_miners = [7777]
# ...

[[attached]]
name = "miner-6666-store"
location = "/mnt/miner-6666-store"

[[attached]]
name = "miner-7777-store"
location = "/mnt/miner-7777-store"

# -------------------------

[[processors.window_post]]
bin="~/my_algorithm"
# args = ["window_post", ...]
cgroup.cpuset = "10-19"
envs = { CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES="0", TMPDIR = "/tmp/worker-prover1/", ... }
concurrent = 1

[[processors.window_post]]
bin="~/my_algorithm"
# args = ["window_post", ...]
cgroup.cpuset = "20-29"
envs = { CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES="0", TMPDIR = "/tmp/worker-prover1/", ... }
concurrent = 1
```

> The significance of single graphics card doing two wdpost tasks at the same time is that because the graphics card is not used when calculating vanilla_proofs, the vanilla_proofs of the two wdpost tasks can be calculated in parallel, and the gpu lock file in `TMPDIR` is used to serially calculate `snark_proof`. GPU utilization can be greatly improved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Doing two wdPost jobs with one GPU can greatly improve utilization. As each wdPost job is composed of `vanilla_proofs` (CPU computation) and `snark_proof` (GPU computation), improved GPU utilization can be achieved through allowing `vanilla_proofs` to be computed in parallel and having `snark_proof` to be computed serially using GPU lock file in `TMPDIR`.
```
